resource.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Resource
---

## Resources

- PartII physicist pretends to be a Mathmo:
    - Electrodynamics taught in a more fundamental way by [Dr.Adhikari]({{ site.url }}/public/assets/notes/electro.pdf)
    - Statistical field theory by [Dr.ChristopherThomas]({{ site.url }}/public/assets/notes/sft.pdf), good for TP1 and thermostatistcs course
    - Symmetries, Fields and Particles by [Dr.MatthewWingate]({{ site.url }}/public/assets/notes/sfp.pdf) needs some maths intuitions
    - Funniest lecturer on Fluid dynamics [Prof.EricLauga]({{ site.url }}/public/assets/notes/fluid.pdf)
    - Dr Christopher Lester's particle physics, it's a [show](https://www.hep.phy.cam.ac.uk/~lester/teaching/partIIIparticles/welcome.html)
    - Supersymmetry and Duality by [Prof.DavidTong]({{ site.url }}/public/assets/notes/susy.pdf) where the beauty of physics presented
    - Topological Quantum Matter Prof.B.Beri, Steven's book (below) explains everything
    - The Standard Model [Prof.Quevedo]({{ site.url }}/public/assets/notes/fluid.pdf), good starting points for theoretical physics
    - Black holes by [DrJ.E.Santos]({{ site.url }}/public/assets/notes/bh.pdf), good revision course for GR (topic 10 onwards)
    - Field theory in Cosmology [Dr.E.Pajer]({{ site.url }}/public/assets/notes/field_theory_in_Cosmology.pdf), very interesting
    - Advanced Quantum Field Theory [Dr.R.A.Reid-Edwards]({{ site.url }}/public/assets/notes/AQFTNotes.pdf), never seen QFT explained this thorough and clear
    


- Mathematics at Cambridge
    - Mathematics notes by [Dexter Chua](https://dec41.user.srcf.net/notes/)
    - well explained by [Gareth Taylor](https://tartarus.org/gareth/maths/)
    - Some abstract Maths notes by [T.K. Carne](https://www.dpmms.cam.ac.uk/~tkc/)
    - Helpful notes collected by [The Archimedeans](https://www.archim.org.uk/resources/)
    - GR by [Harvey Reall](http://www.damtp.cam.ac.uk/user/hsr1000/teaching.html)
    - Analysis by [András Zsák](https://www.dpmms.cam.ac.uk/~az10000/)

- Physics at Cambridge
    - Things that let you survive by [David Tong](http://www.damtp.cam.ac.uk/user/tong/teaching.html)
    - Quantum condensed matter by [Ben Simons](http://www.tcm.phy.cam.ac.uk/~bds10/dir/teaching.html)
    - It's nice to have some lectures by Prof. Alexander Mitov [GFT](https://www.precision.hep.phy.cam.ac.uk/people/mitov/teaching-gft/)
    - Third year computing [Monte Carlo](https://hef.ru.nl/~tbudd/mct/intro.html)
    - [Best place ?](https://www.camphys.com/) for PartII student
    - QFT by [Hugh Osborn](http://www.damtp.cam.ac.uk/user/ho/)
    - Black hole by [Ulrich Sperhake](http://www.damtp.cam.ac.uk/user/us248/Lectures/lectures.html)
    - Easy maths module by [Stephen J. Cowley](http://www.damtp.cam.ac.uk/user/sjc1/teaching/)
    - My favourite lecturer and supervisor [Dr.Lester](https://www.hep.phy.cam.ac.uk/~lester/teaching/partIIIparticles/welcome.html)

- Engineering at Cambridge
    - cued_moodle_access

- Quantum Computing
    - QC at CMU by [Ryan O'Donnell](https://www.cs.cmu.edu/~odonnell/quantum18/)
    - Quantum Algorithm [Zoo](https://quantumalgorithmzoo.org/)
    - QC at Cornell by [Mermin](https://mermin.lassp.cornell.edu/qcomp/CS483.html)
    - QC at Caltech by [Preskill](http://theory.caltech.edu/~preskill/ph229/#lecture) 

- Bed time reading
    - Fields theory [WARREN SIEGEL](http://insti.physics.sunysb.edu/~siegel/)
    - Excellent book on [Quantum Theory, Groups and Representations](https://www.math.columbia.edu/~woit/QM/qmbook.pdf)
    - Famous [Landau books](https://archive.org/details/landau-and-lifshitz-physics-textbooks-series/Vol%201%20-%20Landau%2C%20Lifshitz%20-%20Mechanics%20%283rd%20ed%2C%201976%29/)
    - The story-teller [sean carroll](https://www.preposterousuniverse.com/grnotes/)
    - Good read on topological quantum computing by [Steven H. Simon](http://www-thphys.physics.ox.ac.uk/people/SteveSimon/)
    - Physicist needs some philosophy by [Scott Aaronson](https://www.scottaaronson.com/democritus/default.html)

- Blogs for fun
    - [quantum frontiers](https://quantumfrontiers.com/)
    - [Not even wrong](http://www.math.columbia.edu/~woit/wordpress/)
    - My favourite quantum computing blogs [Shtetl-Optimized](https://scottaaronson.blog/)
    - Quantum computing starting point by [Michael Nielsen](https://quantum.country/)

Commit message:

how to become a good tp

resource.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Resource
---

## Resources

- PartII physicist pretends to be a Mathmo:
    - Electrodynamics taught in a more fundamental way by [Dr.Adhikari]({{ site.url }}/public/assets/notes/electro.pdf)
    - Statistical field theory by [Dr.ChristopherThomas]({{ site.url }}/public/assets/notes/sft.pdf), good for TP1 and thermostatistcs course
    - Symmetries, Fields and Particles by [Dr.MatthewWingate]({{ site.url }}/public/assets/notes/sfp.pdf) needs some maths intuitions
    - Funniest lecturer on Fluid dynamics [Prof.EricLauga]({{ site.url }}/public/assets/notes/fluid.pdf)
    - Dr Christopher Lester's particle physics, it's a [show](https://www.hep.phy.cam.ac.uk/~lester/teaching/partIIIparticles/welcome.html)
    - Supersymmetry and Duality by [Prof.DavidTong]({{ site.url }}/public/assets/notes/susy.pdf) where the beauty of physics presented
    - Topological Quantum Matter Prof.B.Beri, Steven's book (below) explains everything
    - The Standard Model [Prof.Quevedo]({{ site.url }}/public/assets/notes/fluid.pdf), good starting points for theoretical physics
    - Black holes by [DrJ.E.Santos]({{ site.url }}/public/assets/notes/bh.pdf), good revision course for GR (topic 10 onwards)
    - Field theory in Cosmology [Dr.E.Pajer]({{ site.url }}/public/assets/notes/field_theory_in_Cosmology.pdf), very interesting
    - Advanced Quantum Field Theory [Dr.R.A.Reid-Edwards]({{ site.url }}/public/assets/notes/AQFTNotes.pdf), never seen QFT explained this thorough and clear
    


- Mathematics at Cambridge
    - Mathematics notes by [Dexter Chua](https://dec41.user.srcf.net/notes/)
    - well explained by [Gareth Taylor](https://tartarus.org/gareth/maths/)
    - Some abstract Maths notes by [T.K. Carne](https://www.dpmms.cam.ac.uk/~tkc/)
    - Helpful notes collected by [The Archimedeans](https://www.archim.org.uk/resources/)
    - GR by [Harvey Reall](http://www.damtp.cam.ac.uk/user/hsr1000/teaching.html)
    - Analysis by [András Zsák](https://www.dpmms.cam.ac.uk/~az10000/)

- Physics at Cambridge
    - Things that let you survive by [David Tong](http://www.damtp.cam.ac.uk/user/tong/teaching.html)
    - Quantum condensed matter by [Ben Simons](http://www.tcm.phy.cam.ac.uk/~bds10/dir/teaching.html)
    - It's nice to have some lectures by Prof. Alexander Mitov [GFT](https://www.precision.hep.phy.cam.ac.uk/people/mitov/teaching-gft/)
    - Third year computing [Monte Carlo](https://hef.ru.nl/~tbudd/mct/intro.html)
    - [Best place ?](https://www.camphys.com/) for PartII student
    - QFT by [Hugh Osborn](http://www.damtp.cam.ac.uk/user/ho/)
    - Black hole by [Ulrich Sperhake](http://www.damtp.cam.ac.uk/user/us248/Lectures/lectures.html)
    - Easy maths module by [Stephen J. Cowley](http://www.damtp.cam.ac.uk/user/sjc1/teaching/)
    - My favourite lecturer and supervisor [Dr.Lester](https://www.hep.phy.cam.ac.uk/~lester/teaching/partIIIparticles/welcome.html)

- Engineering at Cambridge
    - cued_moodle_access

- Quantum Computing
    - QC at CMU by [Ryan O'Donnell](https://www.cs.cmu.edu/~odonnell/quantum18/)
    - Quantum Algorithm [Zoo](https://quantumalgorithmzoo.org/)
    - QC at Cornell by [Mermin](https://mermin.lassp.cornell.edu/qcomp/CS483.html)
    - QC at Caltech by [Preskill](http://theory.caltech.edu/~preskill/ph229/#lecture) 

- Bed time reading
    - Fields theory [WARREN SIEGEL](http://insti.physics.sunysb.edu/~siegel/)
    - Excellent book on [Quantum Theory, Groups and Representations](https://www.math.columbia.edu/~woit/QM/qmbook.pdf) with self-explanatory diagrams
    - Famous [Landau books](https://archive.org/details/landau-and-lifshitz-physics-textbooks-series/Vol%201%20-%20Landau%2C%20Lifshitz%20-%20Mechanics%20%283rd%20ed%2C%201976%29/)
    - The story-teller [sean carroll](https://www.preposterousuniverse.com/grnotes/)
    - Good read on topological quantum computing by [Steven H. Simon](http://www-thphys.physics.ox.ac.uk/people/SteveSimon/)
    - Physicist needs some philosophy by [Scott Aaronson](https://www.scottaaronson.com/democritus/default.html)

- Blogs for fun
    - [quantum frontiers](https://quantumfrontiers.com/)
    - [Not even wrong](http://www.math.columbia.edu/~woit/wordpress/)
    - My favourite quantum computing blogs [Shtetl-Optimized](https://scottaaronson.blog/)
    - Quantum computing starting point by [Michael Nielsen](https://quantum.country/)
    - How to become a GOOD Theoretical Physicist [Gerard 't Hooft](https://webspace.science.uu.nl/~gadda001/goodtheorist/index.html)
